explanation for commander/agent states (#15)
mqtt-varroa/varroa-documentation: LaTeX/Parts/Chapter3.tex

\chapter{Execution}

> To start a Varroa test the User needs to start a Commander and at least one Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a Varroa test the user needs to start a Commander and at least one Agent.
```

The Agents periodically try to establish a connection to the Commander.

> When all Agents are connected the execution of the scenario starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all Agents are connected the execution of the scenario starts.
```

\section{Commander}
\begin{figure}[H]
	\begin{center}
	\includegraphics[scale=0.9]{Resources/PDF/CommanderStates}
	\caption{Commander States}
	\label{pic:CommanderStates}
	\end{center}
\end{figure}

> After starting a Varroa instance that is configured as a Commander (see \ref{sec:commanderConfig}) it waits for the agents in the network to connect.

Reviewer 2: "in the network"?

> Until all agents are successfully connected the Commander remains in the 'Waiting for Agents' state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until all agents are successfully connected the Commander remains in the \emph{Waiting for Agents} state.
```
same with the other states.

As the last missing agent connects the Commander switches its state to 'All Agents Connected'.

> Then it begins to parse the Scenario's XML file and within finishing it starts to distribute the Scenario's first stage among the agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then it parses the Scenario's XML. As soon is this is done, the Commander starts to distribute the Scenario's first stage to the agents.
```

In doing so the Commander changes its state to 'Scenario in Progress'.

> It remains in this stage until all stages are executed successfully and then transfers its state into 'Scenario Finished'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It remains in this state until all stages are executed successfully and then transfers its state into 'Scenario Finished'.
```

> Contrary to this case a faulty execution of a stage results in the failure of the whole Scenario, logically the Commanders state is now 'Scenario Failed'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contrary to this case a faulty execution of a stage results in the failure of the whole Scenario, logically the Commanders state is then 'Scenario Failed'.
```

> Regardless of success or failure the Commander terminates.

Reviewer: useless information

	\label{pic:AgentStates}
	\end{center}
\end{figure}

> Upon starting a Varroa instance as an Agent it tries to connect to the configured Commander (see \ref{sec:agentConfig}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon starting a Varroa instance as an Agent, it tries to connect to the configured Commander (see \ref{sec:agentConfig}).
```

It periodically attempts to establish the connection until it succeeds.
Then it waits for incoming Chunks from the Commander and executes them, implementing the handshake protocol introduced in \ref{sec:chunkDistribution}.

> It does so until it loses the connection to the commander.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent continues doing so, until it loses the connection to the commander.
```

> It does so until it loses the connection to the commander.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It does so until the Commander closes the connection.
```

Reviewer 3: Used Georg's Request for this line.

> In contrast to the Commander the Agents life-cycle does not stop after the execution of a Scenario.

Reviewer: new paragraph
